Test plan Try new Sport - my test

Scenarios to test basic flow
1)	User 1 - First time visitor without any existing friends 
a.	Select language
b.	Go through all sports: N, N, L, A, N, L, A, L, A, N (L), N, N, N (A), A, L, L, A, N
c.	Go back to previous sport and change preference two times (see)
d.	Skip friend code request, fill in every other prompt that appears
e.	Share own code with someone else (user 2)

and celebration triggers
2)	User 2 - First time visitor with existing friends – 10 sports
a.	Select language
b.	Go through first 10 sports select: N, N, L, L, N, A, A, L, A, N (A)
c.	Go back to previous sport and change preference two times (see)
d.	Fill in code from user 1, fill in every prompt that appears
e.	Share own code with someone else (user 2)

Returning visitor
3)	Returning visitor User 1 on same device /browser should get celebration because user 1 selected similar sports

Actions to test:
a)	Enter faulty email address
b)	Forgot password
c)	Share with friend
d)	Enter friend code
e)	Undo sport preference
f)	Select / change language
g)	Check all menu pages 
h)	Add information in menu – should trigger fewer prompts
i)	Deleting cookies and resetting cookies

Scenarios to test prompt logic based on partially completed information
A) Test skipping logic based on not selecting sports
a)	User 3 goes through the flow and gets to see all prompts, and does the following:
a.	Sport 1-7 no interest or already play
b.	When friend code is requested, skips
c.	Sport 8 selects “like to try”
i.	(email prompt should only appear now)
d.	When email is requested enters email
e.	Skips the next prompt request
f.	Fills in all other prompts

B) Repeating logic when entire cycle completed
b)	User 3 continues until all prompts are completed and waits for skipped prompt(s) to re-appear

C) Test skipping logic based on filling in information in menu
a)	User 4 goes through the flow and likes to try 5th sport , 8th
a.	Skips friend request
b.	Skips entering email and at 3rd prompt goes to menu and fills in all other information
c.	Continues till the end and note down which prompts were shown
d.	Continues until all prompts are completed and waits for skipped prompt(s) to re-appear
